hi how are you I don't know any teeka's
is that short for like Marty curse uncle
like that absolutely not it's short for
Euphemia Latika Sumpter oh really yeah
Euphemia is my real name your family
gave you the nickname tika my no my
grandmother gave me tika from a tikibird
in Florida my father gave me Euphemia
which is a Greek goddess I see all right
you got he wound up with the bird I did
yeah Euphemia was a bit hard for my
teachers in middle school in high school
they're like is yu yuphoria
yeah yeah that's a dog food right and
you are from what Florida or where are
you from I'm from Hollis Queens oh
you're from Queens so I heard your mom's
here tonight what did your mother do for
a living so my mother was a stay-at-home
mom for a really long time and then my
parents split up and she became a
secretary at Rikers Island at Rikers
Island which is a correct it's a prison
yeah she was making $13,000 a year
raising five kids and she needed to make
more money and her captain really liked
her and she's like he said do you want
to become a corrections officer because
that would triple her pay she's like
yeah but at the time she had to weigh a
certain amount and she was like a
hundred pounds wet five foot nothing and
he's like coming early so she wore a
maternity dress with a girdle and put
weights in it and passed the test she
wasn't pregnant Wow corrections officer
inside the prison inside the prison yes
would you ever visit her there at work
was there take your water daughter to
prison today there was a family day yes
there was a Family Guy
yes which make it made it very awkward
for a seven-year-old to go and have
picnic tables surrounded by concrete
you're like wow you know they would have
an outing for the people and their kids
yeah and you would go in the prison and
you heard lots of screaming oh my god
yes thank you mom maybe your mother just
wanted you to know where she was first
of all all day to pay the bills right
and secondly where she did not want any
of you kids to wind up it was scared
straight before scam straight yeah wow
that is that's pretty good serious Oh
kidding around so you are in the Sonic
the Hedgehog movie which is on
Valentine's Day which is fascinating to
me because it seems like if other than
maybe Christmas Eve the day I would not
go see Sonic the Hedgehog would be
Valentine's Day I disagree totally
disagree are you married I am engaged
you're engaged will you and your fiance
[Applause]
yeah it's a Rikers Island style
engagement yeah with good behavior
perhaps you can get the engagement down
so is that something that you would do
get married at Rikers Island no no but
that's a good idea to go to the movies
on Valentine's Day to see Sonic the
Hedgehog I would because you know why
there is a lot of heart there's a lot of
action
there's listen there's no presh action
well there's there's no pressure you
know what I mean you vote what your guy
or girl of ever and you sit you have fun
you laugh you and there's gonna be a
drive home where your fiancee says you
you never talk to me like Sonic no
there's not gonna be any weird moments
like you don't look at me like he looked
at her yeah do you go to the movies when
now that you are in the movies do you do
you like to go to the movies now I loved
I used to work at a movie theater by the
way oh you weren't in a movie theater in
a way you kind of still do work out what
did you do at the theater I was a
concession girl oh wow yeah I was there
like do you want a large for a quarter
more personally ask you to say that or
they'd be or the employees being helpful
when they ask you know they ask us they
tell you to say that oh really
oh yeah yeah yeah and it's like thus at
the travesty of it all is like I was
such a good seller they
person but like refills were free so
it's like do you want more for more
money but you get the refills oh I see
yes there's really no point except for I
will say then you have to get up out of
the theater during the movie and let's
say Sonic and what's his partner's name
Sonic no from it doesn't matter is the
guy you know the other animal that rolls
around with them with my brother who
wouldn't let me hold the controller so
that's why that's why you don't know
tails yeah don't blame your brother
well maybe you bring the whole family to
see the movie I will bring the whole
family to see is it worth it to get the
25 cent upgrade on the popcorn no it is
not okay it was worth it at the time
because I got like best I was like best
employee it's great to have you here and
the show mixes also is a big hit so
congratulations everything's going very
well
mom won't have to go back to prison
right
next is Tuesday nights on ABC we'll be
right back with Ross if you liked that
video click Subscribe and we'll be
together until one of us dies